Prepare 2.5.0-alpha.0 release (#722)
open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk: CHANGELOG.rst

SDK Changelog
=============

2.5.0-alpha.0 (2024-10-23)
==========================

First preview release of the upcoming 2.5.0 version.

* [#4544] Added design tokens for configuring the position of the previous page link.
  You can now choose if the link should be at the top, the bottom or both. By default
  this is shown at the bottom. The ability to add an icon has been added as well.

> * [#4398] Made it possible to cache initialDataReference. This was not passed properly
>   and it wouldn't be available in the submissionCreate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#4398] Fixed the initial data reference not properly being passed to the backend.
```

>   and it wouldn't be available in the submissionCreate.

Reviewer: Can you apply the existing pattern for feature releases with the different sections?

```rst
**New features**

...

**Bugfixes**

...

```
